today I'm going to show you the contents
of the PME electric sugar Kraft roller
and strip cutter
this comes with a 24 month warranty and
full operating instructions it also is
available in UK EU and USA plugs it
comes with a main unit with rolling slot
wide and narrow strip cutter to go with
this and also an additional handle for
manual rolling and cutting it also has a
clamp holder for attaching the machine
unit to the actual work surface and it
also comes with an 80 watt motor now I'm
going to show you how to assemble your
sugar Kraft roller before you use your
sugar Kraft roller you'll need to secure
it to the work surface so I've aligned
the base unit with the very edge of the
work surface and now I'm ready to place
the clamp into the recess and secure one
to the other so push into the recess
make sure that it's in a straight neat
line twist to secure and then you're
ready to add the additional attachments
to attach the motor to the sugar Kraft
roller make sure that you insert the
locks and there's three of these into
the three holes on the side of the roll
so push these in and align them and make
sure then you push to lock and they'll
be about the 30 degree angle and it's an
anti clockwise twist there is also a
manual handle as an alternative the
motor has two speed settings low and
medium plus a pulse button for short
quick use to attach the wide and narrow
strip cutter align the slots on the
strip cutter and on the sugar craft
roller together and slide these into
position make sure that's firmly
attached and that's now ready in
position an additional handle is also
supplied with the sugar croft roller and
this fits on the same side for use as
the motor does now you're ready to plug
in the sugar craft roller and begin to
use this concludes the parts and how to
put together the PME sugar croft roller
and white and narrow strip cutter
you